Add docs for hash join v2 (#18893)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- This variable is used to set the concurrency of the `hash join` algorithm.
- A value of `-1` means that the value of `tidb_executor_concurrency` will be used instead.

### tidb_hash_join_version <span class="version-mark">New v8.4.0</span>

> **Warning:**
>
> The feature controlled by this variable is experimental. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment. This feature might be changed or removed without prior notice. If you find a bug, you can report an [issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues) on GitHub.

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): Yes
- Type: Enumeration
- Default value: `legacy`
- Possible values: `legacy`, `optimized`

> - This variable is used to control whether use optimized hash join in TiDB. The value is `legacy` by default. If it is set to `optimized`, TiDB will use optimized hash join to execute hash join, which is expected to have better performance.
> - Currently optimized hash join only support inner join and outer join, so for other joins, even if `tidb_hash_join_version` is set to `optimized`, it will still use the legacy hash join.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls whether TiDB uses an optimized method for executing the hash join operator. The default value is `legacy`, which means the optimized method is not used. When this variable is set to `optimized`, TiDB uses the optimized method for executing the hash join operator to improve hash join performance.
- Currently, only inner join and outer join operations support the optimized method for hash join. For other types of join operations, even if `tidb_hash_join_version` is set to `optimized`, TiDB still uses the legacy method when executing the Hash Join operator.
```

Author: lgtm

- This variable is used to set the concurrency of the `hash join` algorithm.
- A value of `-1` means that the value of `tidb_executor_concurrency` will be used instead.

### tidb_hash_join_version <span class="version-mark">New v8.4.0</span>

> **Warning:**
>
> The feature controlled by this variable is experimental. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment. This feature might be changed or removed without prior notice. If you find a bug, you can report an [issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues) on GitHub.

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): Yes
- Type: Enumeration
- Default value: `legacy`
- Possible values: `legacy`, `optimized`

> - This variable is used to control whether use optimized hash join in TiDB. The value is `legacy` by default. If it is set to `optimized`, TiDB will use optimized hash join to execute hash join, which is expected to have better performance.
> 
> > **Note:**
> >
> > - Currently optimized hash join only support inner join and outer join, so for other joins, even if `tidb_hash_join_version` is set to `optimized`, it will still use the legacy hash join.
> > - Currently optimized hash join does not support spill to disk when memory is out of quota.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control whether TiDB uses an optimized version of hash join. The value is `legacy` by default, which means the optimized version is not used. If it is set to `optimized`, TiDB uses the optimized version to execute hash join for better performance.

> **Note:**
>
> - Currently, the optimized hash join only supports inner join and outer join, so for other joins, even if `tidb_hash_join_version` is set to `optimized`, TiDB still uses the legacy hash join.
> - Currently, the optimized hash join does not support spill to disk when the memory is out of quota.
```

Author: lgtm

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> > - Currently, the optimized hash join does not support spill to disk when the memory is out of quota.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - Currently, the optimized hash join does not support spilling to disk when the memory is out of quota.
```
